readme.md, before:

# Webcomic - Comic publishing power for the web.

Webcomic is a plugin for [WordPress](//wordpress.org) that provides a host of features for creating, managing, and sharing webcomics. Take control of your webcomic with multi-comic management, theme integration, dynamic navigation, and more.

[**Existing Webcomic users should read this before upgrading.**](https://github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Upgrading#Upgrading-from-Webcomic-1%2C-2%2C-or-3)

## [★ New in Webcomic 4 ★](//vimeo.com/channels/webcomic)

_**Everything!**_ Webcomic has been rebuilt to provide you with leaner, meaner webcomic management. Highlights include:

- [OpenGraph](//ogp.me) support for any Webcomic-related page.
- [Twitter](//twitter.com) integration for automatically tweeting new webcomics.
- [File management](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Media) handled through the WordPress Media Library.
- Each [collection](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Webcomic-Collections) is now a custom post type with unique [storyline](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Storylines) and [character](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Characters) taxonomies.
- [More](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/General-Settings) [collection](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Transcript-Settings)-[specific](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Commerce-Settings) [settings](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Access-Settings) [provide](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Post-Settings) [greater](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Permalink-Settings) [control](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Twitter-Settings) over each webcomic on your site.
- [Transcripts](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Transcripts) are now a custom post type, taking full advantage of the administrative features WordPress provides.
- Improved [theme integration](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Configuring) makes it easier than ever to start using Webcomic right away with almost any WordPress theme.
- New and refactored [template tags, shortcode](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Template-Tags-and-Shortcodes), and [widgets](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Widgets) for greater control and customization of your Webcomic-powered site.

## Installation

You can install Webcomic from the **Plugins > Add New** page in the administrative dashboard. Just do a search for `webcomic` and the first result should be the one you're looking for.

### Manual Installation

1. Download and extract Webcomic from the [WordPress plugin directory](//wordpress.org/extend/plugins/webcomic).
2. Upload the `webcomic` directory to your `wp-content/plugins` directory.
3. Activate Webcomic through the **Plugins > Installed Plugins** page in the administrative dashboard.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### How do I use Webcomic?

Once installed and activated you can use Webcomic in one of three ways:

1. Turn on the [**Integrate** option](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Configuring#Integrate) found on the **Settings > Webcomic** page in the administrative dashboard.
2. Use a [Webcomic-ready theme](http://webcomic.nu) to get the most out of Webcomic's features with minimal hassle.
3. Leverage Webcomic's new [template tags, shortcodes](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Template-Tags-and-Shortcodes), and [widgets](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Widgets) to [modify an existing theme](//wordpress.org/extend/themes) or [build your own](//codex.wordpress.org/Theme_Development).

### Where can I get help with Webcomic?

- [Beginners Guide](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki)
- [Video Tutorials](//vimeo.com/channels/webcomic)
- [Support Forum](//groups.google.com/d/forum/webcomicnu)
- [Issue Tracker](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/issues)
- [Email Support](mailto:support@webcomic.nu)

## Special Thanks

To [BigBagel](//twitter.com/DrPotatoMonster), [Miluette](//twitter.com/miluette), [LordRembo](//twitter.com/lordrembo), [Vaslittlecrow](//twitter.com/vaslittlecrow), [Fesworks](//twitter.com/fesworks), [Naomiyaki](//twitter.com/naomiyaki), [MatthewEbel](//twitter.com/matthewebel), [AlexWoolfson](//twitter.com/alexwoolfson), and [Kuipou](//twitter.com/kuipou) for pre-release testing and feedback, and to the thousands of users that share their amazing work with Webcomic.

---

Copyright 2008 - 2012 Michael Sisk (contact@mgsisk.com)

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA

Commit message:

Add special thanks to legacy upgrade helpers.

readme.md, after:

# Webcomic - Comic publishing power for the web.

Webcomic is a plugin for [WordPress](//wordpress.org) that provides a host of features for creating, managing, and sharing webcomics. Take control of your webcomic with multi-comic management, theme integration, dynamic navigation, and more.

[**Existing Webcomic users should read this before upgrading.**](https://github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Upgrading#Upgrading-from-Webcomic-1%2C-2%2C-or-3)

## [★ New in Webcomic 4 ★](//vimeo.com/channels/webcomic)

_**Everything!**_ Webcomic has been rebuilt to provide you with leaner, meaner webcomic management. Highlights include:

- [OpenGraph](//ogp.me) support for any Webcomic-related page.
- [Twitter](//twitter.com) integration for automatically tweeting new webcomics.
- [File management](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Media) handled through the WordPress Media Library.
- Each [collection](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Webcomic-Collections) is now a custom post type with unique [storyline](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Storylines) and [character](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Characters) taxonomies.
- [More](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/General-Settings) [collection](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Transcript-Settings)-[specific](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Commerce-Settings) [settings](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Access-Settings) [provide](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Post-Settings) [greater](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Permalink-Settings) [control](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Twitter-Settings) over each webcomic on your site.
- [Transcripts](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Transcripts) are now a custom post type, taking full advantage of the administrative features WordPress provides.
- Improved [theme integration](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Configuring) makes it easier than ever to start using Webcomic right away with almost any WordPress theme.
- New and refactored [template tags, shortcode](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Template-Tags-and-Shortcodes), and [widgets](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Widgets) for greater control and customization of your Webcomic-powered site.

## Installation

You can install Webcomic from the **Plugins > Add New** page in the administrative dashboard. Just do a search for `webcomic` and the first result should be the one you're looking for.

### Manual Installation

1. Download and extract Webcomic from the [WordPress plugin directory](//wordpress.org/extend/plugins/webcomic).
2. Upload the `webcomic` directory to your `wp-content/plugins` directory.
3. Activate Webcomic through the **Plugins > Installed Plugins** page in the administrative dashboard.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### How do I use Webcomic?

Once installed and activated you can use Webcomic in one of three ways:

1. Turn on the [**Integrate** option](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Configuring#Integrate) found on the **Settings > Webcomic** page in the administrative dashboard.
2. Use a [Webcomic-ready theme](http://webcomic.nu) to get the most out of Webcomic's features with minimal hassle.
3. Leverage Webcomic's new [template tags, shortcodes](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Template-Tags-and-Shortcodes), and [widgets](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki/Widgets) to [modify an existing theme](//wordpress.org/extend/themes) or [build your own](//codex.wordpress.org/Theme_Development).

### Where can I get help with Webcomic?

- [Beginners Guide](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/wiki)
- [Video Tutorials](//vimeo.com/channels/webcomic)
- [Support Forum](//groups.google.com/d/forum/webcomicnu)
- [Issue Tracker](//github.com/mgsisk/webcomic/issues)
- [Email Support](mailto:support@webcomic.nu)

## Special Thanks

To [BigBagel](//twitter.com/DrPotatoMonster), [Miluette](//twitter.com/miluette), [LordRembo](//twitter.com/lordrembo), [Vaslittlecrow](//twitter.com/vaslittlecrow), [Fesworks](//twitter.com/fesworks), [Naomiyaki](//twitter.com/naomiyaki), [MatthewEbel](//twitter.com/matthewebel), [AlexWoolfson](//twitter.com/alexwoolfson), and [Kuipou](//twitter.com/kuipou) for pre-release testing and feedback, and to the thousands of users that share their amazing work with Webcomic.

To [Seel](//twitter.com/webcrumblick), [Kikirini](//twitter.com/Kikirini) [Natty Bumpercar](//twitter.com/nattybumpercar), and the many other users that helped to resolve legacy upgrade issues.

---

Copyright 2008 - 2012 Michael Sisk (contact@mgsisk.com)

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
