docs/_pages/Taxonomies.md, before:

---
title: Taxonomies
permalink: Taxonomies
redirect_from:
  - Character
  - Storyline
---

[![A comic taxonomy management screen.][img-1]][img-1]

The **Character** and **Storyline** components allow you to tag character
appearances, organize comics by storyline, and use taxonomy-based archives.
Both components have the same set of features, so we'll focus on the Character
component for the rest of this section. Everything here applies to the
Storyline component as well, though.

## Managing taxonomies

Your collections should have a new **Character** sub-screen. This is where
you'll manage the characters for your collections; from here you can create new
characters, edit or delete existing characters, and change the custom sort
order for characters. This screen is almost identical to the Categories or Tags
screens, with two notable exceptions: the Sort Characters tool and the ability
to add character media.

### Term media

The **Media** column in the character list shows you the media associated with
a given character. You can click on the thumbnails in the media column to go to
the Edit Media screen for that media item.

#### Adding media

You can add media to a new character by clicking the Add Media button on the
form next to the character list. This will display the standard WordPress media
popup, which lets you upload new media or select existing media from your
library. You can upload or select a media item to associate with your character.

Once you've selected the media you want to associate with your character, click
**Update**. A preview of your selected media should appear. Click **Add New
Character** to save the character with their media.

#### Changing media

If you want to change the media associated with a character, click the
character's name to go to the **Edit Character** screen. From here, you can
click the **Change Media** button – which replaces the Add Media button – and
select new media for your character.

#### Removing media

If you want to remove the media associated with a character, click the
character's name to go to the **Edit Character** screen. From here, you can
click the X in the corner of the media item to remove the media.

### Sorting terms

[![A comic taxonomy sorting screen.][img-2]][img-2]

From the Character sub-screen, click **Sort Characters** to go to the character
sorting tool. This tool allows you to manually sort the terms in your comic
collection. Drag-and-drop terms to change their order, then click Save Changes.
You can nest or unnest hierarchical terms using the sorter as well, which will
change their parent term.

Character's aren't hierarchical by default, but we'll talk about how you can
make them hierarchical below.

## Using taxonomies

[![A comic taxonomy management screen.][img-3]][img-3]

On the **Add/Edit Comic** screen you should notice a new **Webcomic Characters**
box. This box works like the Tags box you see on the Add/Edit Post screen; you
can type a character name in the box and either select an existing character or
add a new character to assign to your comic. You can also choose from a list of
most used characters.

If your characters are hierarchical, the box will work like the Categories box
you see on the Add/Edit Post screen. You'll be able to check one or more
existing characters or add new characters from the box, as well as choose from
a list of most used characters.

> **⚠ Be careful when assigning a comic to more than one storyline.** It's
> common for narrative-heavy comics to use storylines, and for users to be able
> to navigate comics by those storylines. If you plan on doing this, it's best
> to assign your comics to one storyline at a time. Keep reading for more
> information about the complexities of storyline navigation.

## Settings

[![The settings added to the Collection Settings screen by taxonomy
components.][img-4]][img-4]

Character settings allow you to change some of the basic features related to
characters.

### Slug

The slug is the URL-friendly text used for archives. It can contain lowercase
letters, numbers, and hyphens. This setting has no effect with Plain Permalinks.

### Behavior

These settings control how characters in your collection behave.

**Allow hierarchical organization** will allow you to assign characters to
other characters, creating a parent-child relationship.

When browsing hierarchical characters using previous/next links, it can be
difficult to determine which character is previous or next. For example, if a
character named Birdie has three child characters – Charlie, Dan, and Eagle –
and a user is looking at Charlie, the previous character is normally Birdie
(the parent of Charlie). Likewise, if a user is looking at Birdie, the next
character is normally Charlie (the first child of Birdie).

**Skip redundant terms while browsing** changes this default behavior so that a
previous character can't be an ancestor of the current character, and a next
character can't be a descendant of the current character. Using our previous
example, let's say Birdie has two siblings – Adon and Furiosa (ordered before
and after Birdie, respectively). If a user is looking at Charlie, the previous
character will be Adon (the first character that isn't an ancestor of Charlie).
Likewise, if a user is looking at Birdie, the next character will be Furiosa
(the first character that isn't a descendent of Birdie).

**Sort terms in custom order by default** will force characters to list in your
custom-defined order by default. You can change the actual sorting order on the
character management screen.

**Include crossover comics on archive pages** will cause any comic from any
collection tagged with a character from the current collection to show up in
that character's WordPress taxonomy archive page. Otherwise, only comics from
the current collection will appear in the archive. You can view an archive of
crossover comics for any character by adding /crossover to the end of it's
archive URL.

[img-1]: srv/Taxonomies.png
[img-2]: srv/Taxonomies-Sorting.png
[img-3]: srv/Taxonomies-Box.png
[img-4]: srv/Taxonomies-Settings.png

Commit message:

Add the location comopnent documentation

docs/_pages/Taxonomies.md, after:

---
title: Taxonomies
permalink: Taxonomies
redirect_from:
  - Character
  - Location
  - Storyline
---

[![A comic taxonomy management screen.][img-1]][img-1]

The **Character**, **Location**, and **Storyline** components allow you to tag
character appearances or important settings, organize comics by storyline, and
use taxonomy-based archives. These components have the same set of features, so
we'll focus on the Character component for the rest of this section. Everything
here applies to the Location and Storyline component as well, though.

## Managing taxonomies

Your collections should have a new **Character** sub-screen. This is where
you'll manage the characters for your collections; from here you can create new
characters, edit or delete existing characters, and change the custom sort
order for characters. This screen is almost identical to the Categories or Tags
screens, with two notable exceptions: the Sort Characters tool and the ability
to add character media.

### Term media

The **Media** column in the character list shows you the media associated with
a given character. You can click on the thumbnails in the media column to go to
the Edit Media screen for that media item.

#### Adding media

You can add media to a new character by clicking the Add Media button on the
form next to the character list. This will display the standard WordPress media
popup, which lets you upload new media or select existing media from your
library. You can upload or select a media item to associate with your character.

Once you've selected the media you want to associate with your character, click
**Update**. A preview of your selected media should appear. Click **Add New
Character** to save the character with their media.

#### Changing media

If you want to change the media associated with a character, click the
character's name to go to the **Edit Character** screen. From here, you can
click the **Change Media** button – which replaces the Add Media button – and
select new media for your character.

#### Removing media

If you want to remove the media associated with a character, click the
character's name to go to the **Edit Character** screen. From here, you can
click the X in the corner of the media item to remove the media.

### Sorting terms

[![A comic taxonomy sorting screen.][img-2]][img-2]

From the Character sub-screen, click **Sort Characters** to go to the character
sorting tool. This tool allows you to manually sort the terms in your comic
collection. Drag-and-drop terms to change their order, then click Save Changes.
You can nest or unnest hierarchical terms using the sorter as well, which will
change their parent term.

Character's aren't hierarchical by default, but we'll talk about how you can
make them hierarchical below.

## Using taxonomies

[![A comic taxonomy management screen.][img-3]][img-3]

On the **Add/Edit Comic** screen you should notice a new **Webcomic Characters**
box. This box works like the Tags box you see on the Add/Edit Post screen; you
can type a character name in the box and either select an existing character or
add a new character to assign to your comic. You can also choose from a list of
most used characters.

If your characters are hierarchical, the box will work like the Categories box
you see on the Add/Edit Post screen. You'll be able to check one or more
existing characters or add new characters from the box, as well as choose from
a list of most used characters.

> **⚠ Be careful when assigning a comic to more than one storyline.** It's
> common for narrative-heavy comics to use storylines, and for users to be able
> to navigate comics by those storylines. If you plan on doing this, it's best
> to assign your comics to one storyline at a time. Keep reading for more
> information about the complexities of storyline navigation.

## Settings

[![The settings added to the Collection Settings screen by taxonomy
components.][img-4]][img-4]

Character settings allow you to change some of the basic features related to
characters.

### Slug

The slug is the URL-friendly text used for archives. It can contain lowercase
letters, numbers, and hyphens. This setting has no effect with Plain Permalinks.

### Behavior

These settings control how characters in your collection behave.

**Allow hierarchical organization** will allow you to assign characters to
other characters, creating a parent-child relationship.

When browsing hierarchical characters using previous/next links, it can be
difficult to determine which character is previous or next. For example, if a
character named Birdie has three child characters – Charlie, Dan, and Eagle –
and a user is looking at Charlie, the previous character is normally Birdie
(the parent of Charlie). Likewise, if a user is looking at Birdie, the next
character is normally Charlie (the first child of Birdie).

**Skip redundant terms while browsing** changes this default behavior so that a
previous character can't be an ancestor of the current character, and a next
character can't be a descendant of the current character. Using our previous
example, let's say Birdie has two siblings – Adon and Furiosa (ordered before
and after Birdie, respectively). If a user is looking at Charlie, the previous
character will be Adon (the first character that isn't an ancestor of Charlie).
Likewise, if a user is looking at Birdie, the next character will be Furiosa
(the first character that isn't a descendent of Birdie).

**Sort terms in custom order by default** will force characters to list in your
custom-defined order by default. You can change the actual sorting order on the
character management screen.

**Include crossover comics on archive pages** will cause any comic from any
collection tagged with a character from the current collection to show up in
that character's WordPress taxonomy archive page. Otherwise, only comics from
the current collection will appear in the archive. You can view an archive of
crossover comics for any character by adding /crossover to the end of it's
archive URL.

[img-1]: srv/Taxonomies.png
[img-2]: srv/Taxonomies-Sorting.png
[img-3]: srv/Taxonomies-Box.png
[img-4]: srv/Taxonomies-Settings.png
